Minor Docs Cleanup for exec Command (#2759)
srl-labs/containerlab: docs/cmd/exec.md

## Description

The `exec` command allows a user to execute a command inside the nodes (containers).

> This command is similar to `docker exec`, but it allows a user to run the same command across multiple lab nodes using filters. Users can provide a path to the topology file and use the `--label` filter to narrow down the list of nodes to execute the command on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command is similar to `docker exec`, but it allows a user to run the same command across multiple lab nodes matching the filter. Users can provide a path to the topology file and use the `--label` argument to narrow down the list of nodes to execute the command on.
```
